Hackathon <WHACK> README

Details to include:
Project name:Pet payday
Description of the project:
our project is a game designed for younger children to learn the importance of saving money. It intends to gamify saving money while also managing your expenses to make saving money seem like a positive and enjoyable experience The main aim of the game is to take care of your pet dog. There are 3 factors which can affect the dogs health: hunger thirst and happiness. Both hunger and thirst slowly go down every hour. The user must spend their money to buy food or water to maintain the dog healthy. if the dogs hunger or thirst is below a certain level its happiness will decrease and will not increase until either hunger or thirst is above a certain a high threshhold and both are above a minimum value. If the dogs hunger, thirst, happiness or the player's bank balance reaches zero or below then the player will lose the game. The user recieves a predetermined salary every week and can choose to spend it on a number of things. The player can invest in different stocks which can increase or decrease in value (some stocks are safer than others but the rate of increase in value will be alot less than the less safe options). The player can also put money into a savings account which locks the money away for a month but after the timer has finished the user will gain the money back plus 2.5% interest on that amount. The user does also have a standard interest of 1.5% per month. However items in the shop are affected by inflation so will increase every month making the game harder. The user also has to pay rent every month which is supposed to simulate both paying bills and being taxed on your income. The player can also save up their money to buy decorations for the room as well as clothes for their pet. 
Instructions to run the project
Use-case example
An example use case is a couple who have a 8-12 year old child. They would like to teach their child the importance of saving money before setting up thier child with a bank account and or debit card. To do this they decide to install our app on their childs tablet or phone. Once their son gets home from school every day, he spends 5 minutes checking up on his pet. He is tasked with buying the dogs's outfit and every decorative item for the dogs room without letting the dog fall ill. This task is designed to take time and patience, if the child decides to buy the necessary decorations straight away, they will not have enough money for food later on. The child must wait till they have enough money to mantain the dog's health as well as have enough to save at the end of every week for spending on decorations. 
Special considerations, if any -- if any API keys are required (provide judges with link to generate key)
Could also include architecture diagrams in the file
